step by step process.

To create a Git repository named with your enrollment number and then create two folders named "assignment1" and "assignment2", you can follow these steps:Create a Git Repository:Open your terminal or command prompt.Navigate to the directory where you want to create the repository.Run the following commands:mkdir your_enrollment_number
cd your_enrollment_number
git initCreate Two Folders:While still in the terminal, run:mkdir assignment1
mkdir assignment2Create a Word File Documenting the Process:Open a text editor or a word processor.Write down the steps you followed to create the repository and folders.Save the file with a descriptive name, like "Git_Repository_Creation_Process.docx".Commit Changes to Git:Back in the terminal, add the folders and the Word file to the Git repository:git add .Commit the changes:git commit -m "Added assignment1, assignment2 folders, and documentation file"Optional: Push to Remote Repository:If you have a remote repository (like on GitHub, GitLab, etc.), you can push your changes there:git remote add origin <remote_repository_URL>
git branch -M main
git push -u origin main


1. Open your terminal or command prompt.
2. Navigate to the directory where you want to create the repository.
3. Use the command git init <enrollment_number> to create a new Git repository with your enrollment number. For example, if your enrollment number is 12345, you would use git init 12345.
4. Navigate into the newly created repository directory using the cd command. For example, cd 12345.
5. Inside the repository directory, create two folders named Assignment_1 and Assignment_2 using the command mkdir Assignment_1 Assignment_2.
6. Create a Word file to document the steps. You can use any text editor or word processor you prefer.
7. In the Word file, write down each step of the task in detail, including commands used and explanations if necessary.
8. Save the Word file in the root directory of your Git repository.
9. Once you've completed documenting the steps, add the Word file to the repository using the command git add <filename> where <filename> is the name of your Word file.
10. Commit the changes to the repository with a descriptive message using the command git commit -m "Added documentation for creating repository and folders".
11. Optionally, push the changes to a remote repository like GitHub using the command git push origin master, assuming you've set up a remote repository and linked it to your local repository.